Adding setting default channel to yaml based install (#4263)
knative/docs: docs/admin/eventing/channel-configuration.md

# Configure Channel defaults

Knative Eventing provides a `default-ch-webhook` ConfigMap that contains the configuration settings that govern default Channel creation.

The default `default-ch-webhook` ConfigMap is as follows:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: default-ch-webhook
  namespace: knative-eventing
  labels:
    eventing.knative.dev/release: devel
    app.kubernetes.io/version: devel
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: knative-eventing
data:

>   # Configuration for defaulting channels that do not specify CRD implementations.

Reviewer: IMO this is misleading. This ConfigMap is used by the Channel CRD which under the cover creates a platform-specific channel (e.g Kafka, InMemory, etc..).

Author: @lionelvillard you mean the comment inside the example yaml file?

Reviewer: yes

  default-ch-config: |
    clusterDefault:
      apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
      kind: InMemoryChannel
    namespaceDefaults:
      some-namespace:
        apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
        kind: InMemoryChannel
```

> This configuration is going to be used by default, if no channel implementation is specified.

Reviewer: IMO `if no channel implementation is specified.` is confusing. Instead I would say that this is used by the Channel CRD to create implementation/platform specific channels.

Reviewer: Maybe also add a paragraph explaining the generic ConfigMap format here (see note below for KafkaChannel).

# Configure Channel defaults

Knative Eventing provides a `default-ch-webhook` ConfigMap that contains the configuration settings that govern default Channel creation.

The default `default-ch-webhook` ConfigMap is as follows:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: default-ch-webhook
  namespace: knative-eventing
  labels:
    eventing.knative.dev/release: devel
    app.kubernetes.io/version: devel
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: knative-eventing
data:
  default-ch-config: |
    clusterDefault:
      apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
      kind: InMemoryChannel
    namespaceDefaults:
      some-namespace:
        apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
        kind: InMemoryChannel
```

> This configuration is going to be used by the Channel CRD to create platform specific implementations. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This configuration is used by the Channel custom resource definition (CRD) to create platform specific implementations. 
```

# Configure Channel defaults

Knative Eventing provides a `default-ch-webhook` ConfigMap that contains the configuration settings that govern default Channel creation.

The default `default-ch-webhook` ConfigMap is as follows:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: default-ch-webhook
  namespace: knative-eventing
  labels:
    eventing.knative.dev/release: devel
    app.kubernetes.io/version: devel
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: knative-eventing
data:
  default-ch-config: |
    clusterDefault:
      apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
      kind: InMemoryChannel
    namespaceDefaults:
      some-namespace:
        apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
        kind: InMemoryChannel
```

By changing the `data.default-ch-config` property we can define the clusterDefaults and per Namespace defaults. 

This configuration is used by the Channel custom resource definition (CRD) to create platform specific implementations. 

!!! note 

> 

Reviewer: this line is extra, preventing the paragraph below to be properly formatted as a note
